how's it going guys Dean's here and
welcome to a second inform Christian
benteke player review now if you guys do
enjoy the video be sure drop a like I
really appreciate and if there is any
other team elite players you want me to
review / 10 comments section below but
now getting into the review in the sixth
game that I played I scored 10 goals and
got one assist with this guy and I must
say when using him I I kind of felt like
he needed to get a bit warming up in as
well as you could see is medium medium
work right there he kind of stays back a
bit his positioning was a bit annoying
for me so I used them up in the 451
second formation he just it was just
something to push him up quite a bit and
as soon as I did that I did notice a lot
more out of him it was just more the
problem of generally having him in an
attacking position because a lot of time
I found my midfielders a lot higher not
just one midfield up most one with the
fielders were a lot further up than he
was but I'm apart from that he was
actually a really awesome player to use
I didn't really think much of his paces
or ATT pace and admittedly that is quite
a bit but again at the same time he felt
kind of sluggish at times every now and
then he'd make a little break out from
the defenders which is absolutely
awesome because believe me he's got some
incredible physical stats he just powers
through everyone but a lot the other
time he did feel really sluggish and he
did it took him a bit of time just to
pick up his pace so that was something a
bit annoying as well as that everyone
knows benteke of heading is just 0 P he
will win almost every header he is a put
up against and I know it's that quite a
lot when you're using this guy as well
as that he has got a lot a high amount
of shot power and using that quite a bit
cut I kind of saw his accuracy is a bit
iffy but the fact he's got a lot of shot
Pat means if you do get it on target and
you go straight full on goal it is gonna
go in and you'll know is that quite a
bit i tried to free kicks but uh you
know it's a bit up and down with its in
gamestats you can see it 84 aggression
87 type position 85 jumping in 83 sprint
speed along with 97 strength and 81
stamina 84 ball control 88 finishing 94
heading accuracy 81 long shots 87
penalties and 91 shop party he has as i
mentioned got some incredible physical
stats that shooting hey i personally
feel like he's shooting is so high
because of the shot power
his accuracy wasn't amazing obviously he
made some pretty standard shots tools on
goal but as I say the fact that you had
a high shot power did sort of both well
for him in a that kind of thing but also
as I mentioned earlier his heading was
pretty Oh piece easy I think he's 6 for
26 13 so I'm yeah as you can probably
tell he's going to win motives headers
and get them in goes was that the main
obvious thing is his strength that is
probably the key thing about benteke
here because he will out power anyone if
anyone tries it believe me there are so
many times when I was running from God I
had two defenders already in front of me
and pushing me back I still somehow
managed to break through butter that is
about it from this player of you if you
guys did enjoy the video be sure drop
like as i said i really appreciate every
brand new around it be sure to subscribe
and uh yeah it is another one you want
me to review from this week's team the
week be sure comment in the comment
section below apart from that you guys
have a great day i'll see you guys next
time and goodbye